NARRATOR During their journey
to Laverre City
and Ash's sixth Kalos Gym
badge challenge
our heroes take time
for a rest stop.
Pikachu? Drink lots
of water before we head out.
[HAPPY]
It looks like
it's gonna be hot again today.
[HAPPY]
Let's see,
my fortune for today is..
Huh! "Troubles await you?"
What does that mean?
Oh, boy! I wanna know
my fortune too.
Bonnie's fortune today is..
There we go!
'"Today will be the worst day
you've had all year.'
"You'll be sorry you ever
got up this morning.
And watch out for things
made out of gold."
‐ Hey, that's bad.
‐ Now, don't worry.
Fortune‐telling is just
for entertainment.
Don't give it another thought.
JESSIE 'We've got enough food
for a small city.'
Remind me to send that
berry tree a thank you card.
We lucked out, alright.
Look out below. Twerp alert!
This is our lucky day.
So why don't we pick up
some Pokémon too?
When fortune smiles on you,
you just smile on back.
Okay, you guys, let's move out.
[all gasping]
‐ Pancham!
‐ Chespin!
‐ You okay?
‐ Who could've done that?
Why, your favorite raves.
‐ You did miss us, didn't you?
‐ Twerps always do.
[PROUD]
Here!
[all gasping]
[SHOCKED]/[PANICKED]
‐ Chespin!
‐ Pancham!
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
And our anti‐zapper wins!
If that's the case,
Luxray, Swift, let's go!
[SWIFT MOVE]
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
‐ Pancham!
‐ Chespin, you're alright!
ASH
'What's that?'
It must be theirs.
[ANGRY]
JESSIE
Criminals, those berries
happen to belong to us.
‐ Picked fresh today.
‐ Grab your own grub.
We're not stealing anything.
[ANGRY]
[all gasping]
Pangoro.
[ATTACK]
[all screaming]
[screaming]
[ATTACK]
Pangoro, calm down, please?
Run for it. Come on!
[screaming]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"So You're Having a Bad Day!"
[panting]
Huh! It's Meowth!
It's the fun‐size Twerpette.
[ANGRY]
[screaming]
‐ Huh?
[gasping]
Aah!
That was no fun.
Dedenne, are you okay?
[RELIEVED]/[ANXIOUS]
‐ Where are we?
‐ Stop pulling me!
What's this?
Cut it out, will you?
Whoa! Cool your jets.
It's nothing but a teensy vine.
And don't sass me, see?
I'm the famous Meowth
from Team Rocket!
‐ Or not.
‐ You're so useless.
[ANGRY]
[screaming]
‐ I'm outta here!
‐ Aah!
‐ This way!
[ANGRY]
[screaming]
[FURIOUS]
What was that all about?
Everybody okay?
[CONCERNED]
Huh? Everybody?
Where'd they go?
[panting]
Well, I guess we got away.
Huh? Hey, where's Ash?
[UNSURE]
[CONFUSED]
[CONFUSED]/[SURPRISED]
[DETERMINED]
It looks like we've been
separated from the others.
[CONFUSED]
Let's look around.
[FOCUSED]
[FRUSTRATED]
Meowth's lost again?
Well, let's get to it.
Help us look, Inkay.
That Meowth! If it's not one
thing, it's another!
[SURPRISED]
‐ Did it work? Huh!
‐ Not even a scratch.
[DISAPPOINTED]
Guess we're stuck.
Here's the deal.
I'm escorting you back
to your Twerpie buddies.
Huh?
Oh, really, you'll
take me to your buddies
and steal Dedenne.
I know a lie when I hear one.
[CERTAIN]
I'd never do such a thing.
It's written
all over your face.
My face, this cute mug
only has whiskers
and no newsprint.
‐ Is that made out of gold?
‐ Hey!
I'll have you know that
this Charm is part of my charm.
‐ So keep your paws off of it.
‐ But why do you have a Charm?
Why? That's a good question.
You sure are a mystery.
Hey, how come you can talk?
I'm glad you asked me that.
You see, kid, the story behind
that is long and sad.
‐ But what an ending.
‐ Never mind.
But you're the one
who asked in the first place.
[screaming]
‐ What's with the racket?
‐ I get it.
My fortune said today was gonna
be the the worst day ever.
‐ Boy, did they get that right.
‐ Huh?
And watch out for gold stuff.
That thing's made out of gold.
Hey, that was just plain rude.
Will you stop pulling on me?
Hey! Serena! Clemont! Bonnie!
Where are you?
[CONCERNED]
Let's head for higher ground.
Maybe that way,
we'll see better.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[CONCERNED]
[CALM]
It's okay. You leave it to me.
I know just the thing to do.
[UNSURE]
The future is now,
thanks to science.
Clemontic Gear on!
My Body‐Detecting Radarbot,
Mark Three.
[AMAZED]
Also called,
The Life Detector.
[UNIMPRESSED]
Alright. Switch on.
Onward, my perfect creation.
CLEMONT 'This is what's
called a thermograph.'
A thermograph detects
and displays warm bodies
in other words,
people and Pokémon.
[EXCITED]
But it can't tell us
what it's reacting
to whether it finds people
or Pokémon.
[FRUSTRATED]
This thermograph shows us,
so, wait.
Something's coming this way.
It just might be Ash!
[RELIEVED]
[ANGRY]
[PANICKED]
[ATTACK]
Now's our chance to escape!
[DETERMINED]
Braixen, you saved us. Thanks!
[PROUD]
Hey, Ash! Clemont! Bonnie!
They're not here.
[DISAPPOINTED]
[CONCERNED]
Oh! Frogadier,
do you see something?
[DETERMINED]/[CONFIDENT]
Right.
You're so sweet to be acting
as my bodyguard, Frogadier.
Thank you!
[JEALOUS]/[ANGRY]
[PROUD]
You too, Chespin?
Do you wanna be my bodyguard?
[PROUD]
[CONCERNED]
[CURIOUS]
[ANGRY]
[ANXIOUS]/[PANICKED]
Oh, Chespin!
[FURIOUS]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]/[STRUGGLING]
[CONFIDENT]
Thanks a lot!
[SHOCKED]/[ANXIOUS]
[stomach grumbling]
I'm starving.
Me too.
[stomach grumbling]
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
Wow!
And up, and up, and up.
Good luck, Meowth!
Uh! Oh! Cool!
Hey! You were supposed
to share with us.
Nope. I picked it!
[CONFIDENT]
Huh!
You're gonna get us some food?
[PROUD]/[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
I've got it! Thanks a lot!
[EXERTION]/[HAPPY]
‐ Nice shot! Thanks, pal!
‐ Nope.
You didn't get this one.
So this is mine.
No, fair! You've got two!
Well, you didn't share
with me before, did you?
Hey, fine, if you wanna
be that way. Good luck!
I am not gonna move
an inch from this spot.
Let's see
you find those Twerps now.
‐ Say that again.
‐ I'm not moving.
Dedenne! Use Nuzzle!
[DETERMINED]
[NUZZLE MOVE]
[CONCERNED]
Bickering at a time like this
isn't good for our health.
You're right, in that case.
‐ Here.
‐ Thanks. Down the hatch.
‐ Yummy stuff.
‐ Yeah! It sure is.
[HAPPY]/[SATISFIED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Pangoro!
[EXCITED]
[FOCUSED]
Did you locate Meowth?
[DISAPPOINTED]
Or the Twerps
and their Pokémon?
[DISAPPOINTED]
We're out of lucked out.
[FRUSTRATED]
Wow, what a view.
I can see everything.
[AMAZED]
Cool! I thought so!
Hey, Fletchinder!
[IMPATIENT]
[URGENT]/[HAPPY]
Hey, you guys!
So where have you been?
Fletchinder? Will you look
for all the others from the air?
And we'll look too!
[DETERMINED]
SERENA
'Luxray!'
[CALM]
[PROUD]
‐ Serena.
‐ Pancham.
Ash! You're safe!
Hey.
Is everybody doing alright?
[HAPPY]
Frogadier made sure
we all stayed safe.
Good job.
[PROUD]
‐ Hey, Ash, where's Braixen?
‐ I don't know.
We haven't found it yet.
And I still don't know
where Clemont
Bonnie, and Pikachu are?
Aah!
‐ Shh!
[screaming]
‐ Huh?
Huh! Uh‐oh!
This isn't good.
Oh, man,
hang in there, Twerpette.
[CONCERNED]
She must've gotten
a giant‐sized whiff of Spore.
We've gotta get some
Chesto Berries and fast.
[CONFUSED]
Dedenne, can you find
some Chesto Berries?
[CONFUSED]
You can't?
Shorty doesn't know
what they look like.
Now, what am I gonna do?
I'm kinda tied up.
Alright. Here we go.
[ENCOURAGING]
She's heavy!
One, two, three, four.
She's like bricks.
This Pokémon's got guts!
My guts are busting.
I've gotta keep going!
Keep going, going, gone.
I've gotta work out more often.
[WORRIED]
Dedenne, you're gonna
have to get some of those
Chesto Berries
by hook or by crook.
Dig it.
Chesto Berries look like this.
[DETERMINED]/[DISAPPOINTED]
[DETERMINED]/[EXCITED]
Bingo! That's the one.
You're pretty smart to find
one of those things right away.
[HAPPY]
Here, down the hatch.
[CONCERNED]
All we do is wait
for her to come to..
Yucky!
Hey, what happened?
You got a heaping
helping of Spore
and took a trip to Dreamy Land.
But Dedenne found
some Chesto Berries fast.
‐ And here we are.
‐ That's what happened?
Wow, Dedenne, thanks!
[RELIEVED]/[HAPPY]
Let's get back
to looking for the gang.
Okay.
Huh? Fletchinder!
Hey! Fletchinder!
‐ Clemont?
‐ Ash! Serena!
[EXCITED]
Pikachu!
[RELIEVED]
Braixen! I'm glad you're safe!
‐ Uh, where's Bonnie?
‐ Ah! She's not with you?
‐ Uh! Aah!
‐ What a klutz!
[screaming]
[groaning]
‐ Up there!
‐ Grab it!
That was close.
My clothes are soaking wet.
[sneezing]
Dedenne?
Are you feeling alright?
[HAPPY]
Come on!
Sorry, about that.
Hey, look!
‐ The vine got cut in two.
‐ You're right.
[SURPRISED]
Which means,
we can go our separate ways.
Woo‐hoo! Yay, what a relief.
Ready, Dedenne?
Let's get going.
[DETERMINED]/[HAPPY]
It's about time.
You know, I've had just about
enough Twerp‐ette for one day.
MEOWTH
'Even if I am totally alone.'
PANGORO
[ANGRY]
Aah!
Did you hear that, I wonder
if that scary Pangoro's close.
[WORRIED]
Hold the phone.
Hey, wait a sec!
Now, what?
I thought you had enough of me.
Ugh, well, since
I've already come this far
I might as well get you back
to your Twerpy pals
safe and sound.
Really.
Of course,
if I run into that Pangoro
I'll use these dumb bells
as a distraction and get away.
Huh! It's Fletchinder!
The Twerps must be close!
‐ Bonnie!
Finally! Bonnie!
Are you okay?
I'm sure glad
to see you're okay too!
All of us
are feeling just fine.
What's going on?
Why is Meowth with you?
You see,
it's kind of a long story.
Anyway, I'm glad
to see you back with your buds.
[FURIOUS]
[screaming]
‐ Pangoro again!
‐ Wow.
They don't give up!
[FURIOUS]
[ANGRY]/[DETERMINED]
[ANGRY]
Meowth, come on!
You know what they're saying.
‐ So tell us right now!
‐ Don't push me.
Alright!
[ANGRY]
I guess, they're having a
problem with their food supply.
Their food supply?
See that's their tree.
[ANGRY]
Pangoro says this
tree grows gobs of grub.
So every year,
they get together
and divide up
that grub between them.
So all of a sudden
they see some crooks
who steal all their berries
and then run away..
‐ You mean, it was you, huh?
‐ Shh!
So, you're the cause
of all this.
‐ Hey, I didn't know.
‐ Tough break.
What can we say?
Maybe you could just
tell them you're really sorry.
[DISAPPOINTED]
[PROUD]
They saw you holding their grub
so they thought
you Twerps took it.
We just picked up the berries
where we found them.
The real bad guys
are Team Rocket!
Hey, no fair! Don't bust me.
[CONFUSED]
You know, I've asked
myself the same thing.
‐ Good question‐‐
‐ There you are.
We've been searching
everywhere.
Look! Three Pangoro.
Why did you have
to show up now?
Prepare for trouble,
it's now or never.
And make it double.
We're all together!
Well, this time
that's not a good thing.
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love!
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for a reunification fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[PROUD]
Oopsie,
guess the catchy lyrics
dragged me in.
Excuse me?
Dragged into what?
[FURIOUS]
Bad move.
Now, that they know it was us,
they're not too pleased.
Not pleased?
What does that mean?
That sounds dangerous.
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
‐ Our motto caused this?
‐ Long story!
JAMES
We're blasting off again!
ASH
Now.
[HAPPY]
‐ Here are your berries!
‐ That's all of them.
Yup! Now,
you've got them all back.
[GRATEFUL]
So dig in! Huh? For me?
Awesome. Thanks a lot!
I think they're sorry.
This is so nice!
It sure is. Alright,
we know just what to do.
[HAPPY]
Let's eat!
That's good!
‐ See you later, Pangoro!
‐ Be well, everybody!
‐ Thanks for the food!
‐ Bye‐bye!
Tied to Meowth with a vine?
That sounds awful.
Your fortune said you'd have
the worst day of the year.
It wasn't all that bad.
Actually, it was fun.
Even with Meowth.
Right, Dedenne?
[HAPPY]
You're kidding.
NARRATOR Although our heroes and
their Pokémon were separated
they all managed
to find each other again.
Perhaps that was
in their fortune too.
But one thing's for sure,
their journey continues!
[theme music]